# Artificial Intelligence Is On The Rise

The perfect combination of improved computing speed, large data collection and data libraries and a large AI talent pool has enabled the rapid development of AI tools and technologies. AI is capable of penetrating intransigent social problems that humans can not solve, researchers have used machine learning to map global poverty with unparalleled precision and Stanford students have programmed chatbots to help the homeless. What will bring about this paradigm shift is the level at which AI technology and its adoption will affect society.

In particular, the development of deep learning (DL) has an impact on the way we today look at AI tools, which is the reason for much of the recent excitement around AI applications. The concept of smart cities is based on the idea that digital technologies can be used to make urban systems more efficient. When we talk about big data, I mean the ability of cities to collect, store and process a gigantic flow of inventory data, and the actors who are referred to as "artificial intelligence" The point is that cities are increasingly able to meaningfully leverage this data through machine learning algorithms.

Artificial intelligence (AI) is a set of tools that enable people to rethink how we combine information, analyze data and use the resulting insights to improve decision-making. It transforms all aspects of life. New forms of AI operate on a scale that far exceeds human capacities, unlocking the potential of the vast amounts of data we generate. The world is on the verge of being revolutionized by artificial intelligence in many sectors, and the way in which AI systems are developed must be understood, as well as the major impact they have on society as a whole.

Artificial intelligence (AI) is a constellation of many different technologies that work together to enable machines to sense, understand, act and learn at a human-like intelligence level. The concept of super-intelligent artificial beings that can be traced back to ancient times has become a leading subject of discussion in the public debate and the mainstream media as AI technologies become more and more integrated into our daily lives. The existential threat of artificial superintelligence has also become a popular topic of discussion, with public figures such as Bill Gates, Stephen Hawking and Elon Musk warning of the dangers of developing super-intelligent AI systems.

Elon Musk, the CEO of SpaceX, has warned that artificial intelligence poses a fundamental threat to the existence of human civilization but the headlines about the rise of machines and a takeover by robots are not based on reality. In an October speech at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Musk called artificial intelligence (AI) the "conjuring of demons" that could rival human intelligence as the largest threat facing the world. Nick Bostrom, a philosopher at Oxford University who has helped shape the idea of the existential threat to humanity in general, counts AI among such a gigantic asteroid strike, along with a full-scale nuclear war.

With the rapid advancement of machine learning (ML) and deep learning algorithms, the massive amount of data known as "big data" and the phenomenal increase in computing power, AI is accelerating. Machine intelligence is advancing, growing and replacing human intelligence, which is causing concern among many public figures and experts. The wiser Adam Gopnik looks at what we know about how machine intelligence dwarfs humans.

AI algorithms will drive breakthroughs that will improve people's lives. AI is seen as cheaper and, in many cases, better than humans, and is expected to displace many professional jobs. According to visionaries, the explosion of artificial intelligence will produce the unimaginable power of singularity, an event that could occur by the end of the next decade. In addition to efficiency and other economic benefits, code-based machine intelligence will continue to disrupt every aspect of human work.

AI requires data to test and improve its learning and without structured and unstructured data sets it will be impossible to get the full benefit of the artificial intelligence. With more information than an army of people can sift through in a single research project, scientists are increasingly turning to machines to conduct the sighting for them. Recent innovations in artificial intelligence methods have enabled researchers to use more and more of this data, but realising its full potential will require interdisciplinary cooperation and building the appropriate infrastructure.

New machine learning systems, says David Gunning, program manager at the Information Innovation Office (I2O) at the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), must be able to explain their motivations, to characterize their strengths and weaknesses and understand how they will act in the future. One concern about AI technologies is the automated generation of fake data and fake news that could mislead large populations. Analysts expect people to become increasingly dependent on networked artificial intelligence (AI) and complex digital systems.

Neural networks and deep learning are forms of artificial intelligence particularly good at pattern recognition and in turn enable us to develop artificial general intelligence capable of handling a wide range of cognitive tasks. Yet AI, ML and machine learning can also be used to concentrate wealth and power, leaving many behind and creating terrible weapons. Before we can empower AI to be the system that shapes our lives and societies, we need to address a host of related legal and ethical issues.

Among the 979 technology pioneers, innovators, developers, business and political leaders, researchers and activists who answered questions in an expert survey in summer 2018, experts predicted that connected artificial intelligence will increase human effectiveness without compromising human autonomy, agency and skills. They talked about a number of ways for computers to surpass or exceed human intelligence skills in tasks such as complex decision-making, reasoning, learning, sophisticated analysis, pattern recognition, visual intelligence, speech recognition and language translation. Artificial intelligence efforts are shifting from rules-based systems to machine learning techniques that use data for learning and programming.
