# The Ultimate List Of Fast Vehicles


The fastest car in the world is Bugatti Veyron Super Sport, which accelerates in 2.4 seconds from 0 to 60 km / h. The new McLaren Speedtail may not be able to reclaim the legendary Formula One record, but it promises a top speed of 250 miles per hour and is the most beautiful car on this list. The long, low and slender Hyper GTS has a top speed of 250 km / h, surpassing the F1s by 241 km / h and narrowly reclaiming the fastest production car world title for McLaren.

In 2007, Boutique supercar manufacturer Shelby Super Cars unleashed the ultimate aerobatics destroying the pricey Bugatti Veyron top speed record in 2007. Koenigseggs CCR reached a top speed of 242 km / h in 2005, making it at that time the fastest car in the world. In 2019 the fastest car in the world is Bugatti Chiron Sport, which has a top speed of 261 km / h.

In the SuperSport version, it holds the world record for fastest road-legal production car in the world with an average speed of 40,884 km / h. When Bugatti introduced the Veyron in 2005 it introduced a number of innovations, including the fastest, most powerful and most expensive car on the market at the time. Shelby Super Cars (SSC) is another manufacturer of ultra-high performance cars, and the Ultimate Aero Twin Turbo set a new world record for production cars with an average top speed of 25,583 miles per hour.

The $1.2 million Hennessey Venom achieved a top speed of 2704 km / h, but is not recognized as the world's fastest car because it is a one-way street. It is no longer the fastest production car in the world, but still the fastest aspirated car in the world, with a special 6.1-litre V12 from BMW, surrounded by freaky gold and able to bite its head off. The quad-turbo W16 engine is a giant that boasts all the luxury features of a hypercar.

Swedish automaker Koenigsegg unveiled a car that set a new world record. With specifications worthy of a child's imagination, the quad-turbo W16 engine colossus was the fastest limited-edition production car ever to grace the roads.

Based on Bugatti's vision of a Gran Turismo Concept Car, Chiron Sport is named after the legendary Monaco driver Louis Chiron. The car that won the title SSC (Ultimate Aero Veyron Super Sport) was penned by automotive legend Hartmut Warkuss, who has displaced several major models for brands such as Audi and Bentley. In 2010, he rolled onto the stage with full force and 1,000 horsepower.

Bugatti Chiron is by default the fastest car in the world with a top speed of 261 km / h, but if the French company wants to break a new record, it needs to create a stronger beast. The Veyron Super Sport is limited to only 30 cars, but in each, power is increased to 1,184 hp and aerodynamics overhauled to withstand the forces at 250 km / h. The new model reaches a top speed of 249 km / h, while the Agera R with improved performance and aerodynamics achieves a certified top speed of 273 km / h, making it the fastest production car in the world since 2011. It will be shown at the 85th Geneva Motor Show on March 4, 2015 in Switzerland.

The car accelerates from 0 to 100 kilometres per hour in 2.5 seconds. With an average speed of 31,611 km / h, the SSC Tuatara will be the fastest road-legal car in the world in 2021. With a top speed of 315 miles per hour, which is faster than the 2017 top speed of the production Koenigsegg Agera RS (279.9 miles per hour), it is the fastest car in this list with a top speed of 331 miles per hour and a record average of 31.611 miles per hour.

With 1,750 horsepower from a custom alloy flake 5.9-liter twin-turbo V-8 engine and a $1.9 million price tag, this car does not need to have a record speed for itself to be distinctive. The SSC Tuatara will be the fastest car in the world from 2020 with a record-breaking one-way run of 330 miles per hour and a second run of 301 miles per hour and a Guinness-certified record - average of 316 miles per hour. A twin-turbo version of the car reached a top speed of 2,561 mph in West Richland, which held its record until 2010. The twin-turbo model was discontinued after several limited edition models in 2013, but SSC is working on a new contender for the world's fastest production car - the Tuatara.

In the course of the CCS run, several engines were used and models with carbon fiber construction, biangular synchro-helix doors and enough speed to reach the fastest top speed of a production car at that time were equipped.

Many consider the McLaren to be one of the greatest cars ever built. It was in use during the Formula One rules of the 1990s and had unsurpassed performance for the time. On the occasion of its 10th anniversary, the British car manufacturer Ascari has invented the powerful A10.

The Super Sports car from Texan car tuner and manufacturer Hennessey with a 7.0-litre twin-turbo V8 engine and a whopping 1,244 hp beaten the world record of Koenigsegg Agera R as the world’s fastest production car when it accelerated from 0 to 300 km / h in 13.63 seconds. According to CBS Miami, the Hnessey Venom can reach speeds of up to 260 miles per hour and can turn from 0-60 in 2.5 seconds.

He set the world speed record with a 24.01mph run in 1998 and remained top-notch until 2005, when Koenigsegg CCR beat the record by 1mph. In February 2005, the small company KoenigSEGG achieved the unthinkable and broke the speed record for series production vehicles by reaching a new official top speed of 24.11 km / h on the Italian Nardo circuit. The Bugatti Veyron 164 Grand Sport Vitesse set the record and opened the top for production sports cars, but the Volkswagen Group showed up at Ehra Lessien TÜV, the international independent German institution for technical inspection and approval and confirmed that a top speed of 40.884 km / h was reached.

A new lap record at the Nürburgring confirmed the dynamic performance of the car - a 0.45 time - 60 seconds, a quarter-mile - time of 10.3 seconds and a top speed of 217 miles per hour confirmed that the CCR could drive in a straight line.
